W-22737748: Enhance README with project details and resources (#826)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-templates: src/templates/project/standard/README.md

# Salesforce DX Project

> Salesforce DX is a development approach that brings source-driven development, team collaboration, and continuous integration to the Salesforce platform. Instead of working directly in an org through a web browser, you work with metadata as source files in a local DX project, track changes in version control, and deploy through automated processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Salesforce DX is a development approach that brings source-driven development, team collaboration, and continuous integration to the Salesforce Platform. Instead of working directly in an org through a web browser, you work with metadata as source files in a local DX project, track changes in version control, and deploy through automated processes.
```

## Prerequisites

Before you start, make sure you have:

- **Salesforce CLI** - Download from [developer.salesforce.com/tools/salesforcecli](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/salesforcecli). See [Install Salesforce CLI](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_setup.meta/sfdx_setup/sfdx_setup_install_cli.htm) for details.
- **VS Code with Salesforce Extension Pack** - See [Installation Instructions](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/platform/sfvscode-extensions/guide/install.html) for details. Includes the Agentforce Vibes extension.
- **A development org** - Sign up for a free Developer Edition org [here](https://developer.salesforce.com/signup).
- **Dev Hub enabled** (optional, required to create scratch orgs) - You can enable Dev Hub in your development org under Setup > Dev Hub.  See [Provide Developers Access to Salesforce DX Tools](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_dev.meta/sfdx_dev/sfdx_setup_dx_tools.htm).

## Project Structure

Your DX project follows this structure:

> - **`force-app/main/default/`** - Your metadata source files (for components such as Apex classes and triggers and Lightning Web Components) live in this package directory. You can configure additional ones in the `sfdx-project.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`force-app/main/default/`** - Your metadata source files live in this default package directory. You can configure additional package directories in the `sfdx-project.json` file.
```

- **`config/`** - Scratch org definitions and project settings
- **`scripts/`** - Automation scripts for common tasks
- **`sfdx-project.json`** - Project manifest that defines package directories, namespace, API version, and other project-level settings

See [Salesforce DX Project Configuration](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_dev.meta/sfdx_dev/sfdx_dev_ws_config.htm).

## Get Started

Ready to start developing? The [Get Started with Salesforce DX](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_dev.meta/sfdx_dev/sfdx_dev_get_started_dx.htm) guide walks you through your first project, from creating a scratch org to creating a simple Apex class or LWC to deploying your code to a sandbox.

## Common Salesforce CLI Commands

Here are common CLI commands that you'll use the most:

- `sf org login web`: Authorize an org
- `sf org open`: Open your org in a browser
- `sf org create scratch`: Create a scratch org
- `sf project deploy start`: Deploy metadata to your org
- `sf project retrieve start`: Retrieve metadata from your org

> - `sf template generate <artifact>`: Scaffold new components, such as Apex classes and triggers, LWC components, Lightning page, and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sf template generate <artifact>`: Scaffold new components, such as Apex classes and triggers, LWC components, Lightning apps, and more
```
